Sample: principal-prop-on-prem (#552)
SAP-samples/kyma-runtime-samples: principal-prop-on-prem/README.md

  kubectl label namespaces $NS istio-injection=enabled
  ```

> * Enable the connectivity-proxy module in Kyma runtime. For more information refer [Kyma Modules](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable the Connectivity Proxy module in the Kyma runtime. For more information, see [Kyma Modules](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules) and [Adding and Deleting a Kyma Module](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/enable-and-disable-kyma-module).
```
